---
description: Subscription, Activation, Limitations, Termination and Suspension Policy
---

# S.A.L.T.S Policy

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation & Definitions

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms Of Service/s:

* **Discord** refers to Discord LLC's service, "Discord" (not associated with RitaBot or our Service.)
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to RitaBot.
* **Features** are defined as a single or group of functions, commands, tools or resources provided by RitaBot for use on or with our Service.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Privacy Policy** as defined [Here](policys/privacy-policy.md).
* **RitaBot**, **RITA/Rita**, **RitaBot Dev Team** are all references to the Services provided.
  * **RitaBot**: The Company that owns all assets associate with RITA and her Features and Services
  * **RITA/Rita**: Is the term used to define the Discord Bot, pronouns are also used in conjuction, these are **She/Her**
  * **RitaBot Dev Team**: The Owners of RITA and the Development Team Associated with Her
  * **RMT**: Refers to RITA Management Team, Also know as **RitaBot Dev Team**.
  * **RMS**: Refers To the RITA Management Server. This is the Disicrd Server where RITA is managed from and where user supoort is provided.&#x20;
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals. employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **You, User, They, Subscriber, Subscription Owner:** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Subscription

Content Here

## Activation

Content Here

## Limitations

Content Here

## Termination

Content Here

## Suspension

Content Here
