---
description: Information about the 1.2.2 Update.
---

# V1.2.2

{% hint style="info" %}
If you need help at any point join our [**Discord Server**](https://discord.gg/mgNR64R) and someone will help you.
{% endhint %}

### Major Changes

* Rita now uses Discord.js V12.

### Bug Fixes

* Same channel translation is now working. You no longer need to have multiple channels set up, you can do it all in one channel.
  * Example `!tr channel from english to spanish for #SameChannelMention` Will translate any English messages to Spanish in your current channel
* AUTO Translate is now working, you can define the "from" language as "AUTO" and it will detect the language for you.
  * Example `!tr auto to lang for #channel` So running `!tr auto to en for #channel` will auto translate anything not in English to English for that channel.
* DM Translations have been fixed and enabled, thanks to Artanis and Brozer.
  * You can enable this by running the following command `!tr channel to de from en for @user` That will translate English messages to German for the user. Which they will receive in a DM.
* Duplicate language translation bug is now fixed, meaning you can not translate English to English or French to French etc.
* Various fixes to Nickname Bugs, this should now be working.
* Desktop Client Gif keyboard caused error due to exclusive embed style.
* `google-translate-api` has been changed to RCP to reduce and mitigate the load limiter.
* We have found a way to speed up the translation process, so it should be a little snappier in future.

### Command Changes

*   New commands added (`debug`, `donate`, `prefix`, `help commands`, `create`)

    > `debug` Is for debug options. Examples below:
    >
    > * `!tr debug on` - turns on debugging, creates debugging channel and webhook
    > * `!tr debug off` - turns off debugging
    > * `!tr stats debug` - prints webhook "ID" and "Token" in channel

    > `donate` - If you would like to donate to RITA you can find the info with this command. Since RITA bot is 100% free donations are greatly appreciated to help with server costs. Examples below:
    >
    > * `!tr donate` - Will return donation options
    > * `!tr donate github` - You can Donate at Github Sponsors
    > * `!tr donate oc` - You can Donate at Open Collective

    > `prefix` - You can now change the prefix of your bot, you can make it whatever you want. Examples below:
    >
    > * `!tr prefix` - Will list your current prefix. Default prefix is `!tr`
    > * `!tr prefix $tr` - your prefix would now be `$tr` instead of `!tr`
    > * `!tr prefix reset` - resets your prefix back to `!tr` So if you changed the prefix to `$tr` you would run `$tr prefix reset`

    > `help commands` - Shows a list of all available commands. Example below:
    >
    > * `!tr help`

    > `create` - Allows you to use RITA to create a new channel. Example below:
    >
    > * `!tr create bob` - will create a new channel named bob
*   Command Changed (`stats global`, `stats server`)

    > `stats global` - Stat tracking of messages sent in global servers. `stats server` - Stat tracking of messages sent in local server.
*   Command Removed (`settings dbfix`, `cpu`)

    > `settings dbfix` - This is no longer needed as DB is repaired (If needed) on each startup. `cpu` - It was broken and I have no idea how to fix it.

### Database Changes

* As the new variables above are stored in the DB, we have made a few changes to how these are handled and they are auto-created upon load. Meaning you no longer need to worry about them again. (If you get any error's please let us know)

### Misc Changes

* Various Security vulnerabilities fixed.
* Fixed various issues.
* Major code changes
* Dev Dependencies core to this bot, the `google-translate-api` & `google-translate-token` & `gulp-watch` have been updated
