# Interpretation & Definitions

The following Interpretations and Definitions apply to the following Policies

* [Terms of Service](terms-of-service.md) (TOS)
* [S.A.L.T.S](s.a.l.t.s-policy/) Policy
* [Privacy](privacy-policy/) Policy
* [Refund](refund-policy.md) Policy

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in the singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms Of Service/s:

* **Account** means a unique account created in the service Discord used to access our Service.
* **BITA** refers to the BETA Version of **RITA.** Unless otherwise stated BITA shall be bound by the same Policies, Conditions, Processes and **TOS** as **RITA**. BETA is an invite only closed testing platform used to test new functions for RITA and operated under an NDA.
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to RitaBot.
* **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
* **Country** refers to: United States, the EU, and more.
* **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* **Discord** refers to Discord LLC's service, "Discord" (not associated with RitaBot or our Service.)
* **Features** are defined as a single or group of functions, commands, tools or resources provided by RitaBot for use on or with our Service.
* **Language pairs** is defined as the combination of source language and destination language of a translation request sent via our service.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Privacy Policy** as defined [Here](privacy-policy/).
* **Refund Policy** as defined [Here](refund-policy.md).
* **RitaBot**, **RITA/Rita**, **RitaBot Dev Team** are all references to the Services provided.
  * **RitaBot**: The Company that owns all assets associate with RITA and her Features and Services
  * **RITA/Rita**: Is the term used to define the Discord Bot, pronouns are also used in conjuction, these are **She/Her**
  * **RitaBot Dev Team**: The Owners of RITA and the Development Team Associated with Her
  * **RMT**: Refers to RITA Management Team, Also know as **RitaBot Dev Team**.
  * **RMS**: Refers To the RITA Management Server. This is the Disicrd Server where RITA is managed from and where user supoort is provided.&#x20;
* **S.A.L.T.S** as defined [Here](s.a.l.t.s-policy/).
* **Service** refers to the translation services provided by RitaBot.
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals. employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **TOS/Terms of Service** as defined [Here](terms-of-service.md).
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **Website** refers to RitaBot, accessible from [https://ritabot.gg](https://ritabot.gg/)
* **You, User, They, Subscriber, Subscription Owner:** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.
