---
description: 'Last updated: April 22, 2022'
---

# Terms Of Service

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of these Terms Of Service/s:

* **Discord** refers to Discord LLC's service, "Discord" (not associated with RitaBot or our Service.)
* **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to RitaBot.
* **Features** are defined as a single or group of functions, commands, tools or resources provided by RitaBot for use on or with our Service.
* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* **Privacy Policy** as defined [Here](privacy-policy.md).
* **RitaBot**, **RITA/Rita**, **RitaBot Dev Team** are all references to the Services provided.
  * **RitaBot**: The Company that owns all assets associate with RITA and her Features and Services
  * **RITA/Rita**: Is the term used to define the Discord Bot, pronouns are also used in conjuction, these are **She/Her**
  * **RitaBot Dev Team**: The Owners of RITA and the Development Team Associated with Her
  * **RMT**: Refers to RITA Management Team, Also know as **RitaBot Dev Team** are the Owners of RITA and the Development Team Associated with Her.
  * **RMS**: Refers To the RITA Management Server. This is the Disicrd Server where RITA is managed from and where user supoort is provided.&#x20;
* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals. employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* **You, User, They, Subscriber, Subscription Owner:** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Disclaimer <a href="#disclaimer" id="disclaimer"></a>

You are strictly prohibited to use RitaBot against the ToS of discord or for illegal purposes. We are doing our best to prevent these activities, while trying to provide the best user experience as possible. If you find people or communities using RitaBot against the ToS of discord or even for illegal activities, please send us an email to [dev@ritabot.gg](mailto:dev@ritabot.gg)

## Proprietary Rights

We (RitaBot) own and retain all rights for public available data (including but not limited to templates). We grant you the permission to use this available data for your own needs, but strictly disallow any commercial use. You therefore shall not sell, license or otherwise commercialize the data except if the permission was expressly granted to you.

## Availability

* RitaBot is provided as-is. There are no guarantees that it will be available in the future, and its purpose or availability may be changed at any time.
* Usage Data including backups may be deleted at any time.
* Any "pro" or "premium" Features are not guaranteed. They may change or be revoked at any time.
* Access to all or specific Features of RitaBot may be revoked, for all or a specific user, at any time.

## Server / Guild Data

To operate RitaBot and in specific the Database we use requieres we save some information about You, your Discord server and the members.&#x20;

* Usernames & Discriminators.
* Server Name & ID
* Channel ID's, Role ID's and User/Owner ID's

We may also store anonymized Personal Data about you including your username, discriminator and public flags (badges) in line with our [Privacy Policy](privacy-policy.md). This information is only used for analytics and can not be tracked back to You.
